README.md, before:

# Poke Automations Tracker

A centralized repository to track and manage all Poke automations.

## Automation Inventory

| Serial Number | Automation Name | Description | Status | Time Schedule | Trigger ID | Type |
|:-------------:|:----------------|:------------|:------:|:--------------|:-----------|:-----|
| 1 | Travel Prep Automation | Scans for travel bookings and creates reminders | Active | Every Friday 9 AM IST | caf7d709-8278-40a3-aed1-cf01c3fc940a | trigger based automation |
| 2 | Weather Automation | Check weather forecast for Sarjapur, send notification if rain chance > 60% | Active | Every day 8 AM IST | 7da1037d-ebda-481b-b25e-b8b88ddea5ef | time based recurring |
| 3 | Kolkata Trip - Packing Reminder | Finalize packing and check-in for flight to Kolkata | Active | Nov 26, 2025 8:15 PM IST | 261eff93-e4e9-4c25-bd8d-840882e610ba | one-time |
| 4 | Kolkata Trip - Cab Booking | Book cab to Kolkata for flight departure | Active | Nov 27, 2025 4:15 PM IST | 0815549d-051d-42ca-aa63-cc3fda90e06a | one-time |
| 5 | Bengaluru Return - Packing Reminder | Finalize packing and check-in for flight to Bengaluru | Active | Nov 27, 2025 4:25 PM IST | d2f72b80-5cd8-4eee-b53b-878fb74230bf | one-time |
| 6 | Bengaluru Return - Cab Booking | Book cab to Bengaluru for flight departure | Active | Nov 28, 2025 12:25 PM IST | f2b768f2-5141-49bd-8076-0ed6ab64b799 | one-time |
| 7 | Kolkata Return - Packing Reminder | Finalize packing and check-in for return flight | Active | Nov 30, 2025 8:15 PM IST | 6411727e-928d-4e10-b56b-97811adf0f69 | one-time |
| 8 | Kolkata Return - Cab Booking | Book cab to Bengaluru for flight departure | Active | Dec 1, 2025 4:15 PM IST | d00c4a89-3bbe-4510-8110-8bad9488f5b6 | one-time |
| 9 | Gwalior Trip - Packing Reminder | Finalize packing and check-in for flight to Bengaluru | Active | Dec 4, 2025 3:50 PM IST | 8b197488-678b-4060-b7e1-89149c28271a | one-time |
| 10 | Gwalior Trip - Cab Booking | Book cab to Bengaluru for flight departure | Active | Dec 5, 2025 11:50 AM IST | 800a8745-63b9-41a8-b711-e5882f6703c5 | one-time |
| 11 | Train Journey - Packing Reminder | Finalize packing and check-in for train to Bengaluru | Active | Dec 6, 2025 1:00 AM IST | 239f245e-2649-4ed2-9ead-82ef42ec63c0 | one-time |
| 12 | Train Journey - Cab Booking | Book cab to Bengaluru for train departure | Active | Dec 6, 2025 9:00 PM IST | 6bfcd513-0ef6-4197-b1a3-c8f86bd4c309 | one-time |
| 13 | Varkala Trip - Packing Reminder | Finalize packing and check-in for train to Varkala | Active | Dec 8, 2025 8:10 PM IST | 14d5bf46-5c97-481e-b4c5-a72874db321a | one-time |
| 14 | Varkala Trip - Cab Booking | Book cab to Varkala for train departure | Active | Dec 9, 2025 4:10 PM IST | ff2e4885-c3ef-4f1d-a204-97c1b701f86d | one-time |
| 15 | Kanyakumari Trip - Packing Reminder | Finalize packing and check-in for train to Kanyakumari | Active | Dec 11, 2025 7:41 AM IST | e9fb20e7-41bf-46ef-baff-3388f6ce1227 | one-time |
| 16 | Kanyakumari Trip - Cab Booking | Book cab to Kanyakumari for train departure | Active | Dec 12, 2025 3:41 AM IST | 90a340f8-f2cb-471d-a592-b765f7c2f1a2 | one-time |
| 17 | Nagercoil Return - Packing Reminder | Finalize packing and check-in for train to Bengaluru | Active | Dec 11, 2025 7:15 PM IST | fc95822c-f759-47a0-9cd3-df0641d6a7b5 | one-time |
| 18 | Nagercoil Return - Cab Booking | Book cab to Bengaluru for train departure | Active | Dec 12, 2025 3:15 PM IST | 7b45d948-3d3e-4b6a-80ed-03e15c12e74b | one-time |
| 19 | Gwalior Final - Packing Reminder | Finalize packing and check-in for flight to Gwalior | Active | Dec 14, 2025 1:15 PM IST | 709e9b54-9209-4076-80df-4aec5a10d06f | one-time |
| 20 | Gwalior Final - Cab Booking | Book cab to Gwalior for flight departure | Active | Dec 15, 2025 9:15 AM IST | 6b6200d9-1d73-4621-824d-1c37ac7a63db | one-time |

---

## Legend

**Status Values:**
- **Active**: Automation is currently running
- **Inactive**: Automation is paused or disabled
- **Testing**: Automation is in testing phase

**Type Values:**
- **one-time**: Runs once and completes
- **trigger based automation**: Runs when specific conditions/events occur
- **time based recurring**: Runs on a scheduled time basis

---

## Summary

- **Total Automations**: 20
- **Recurring Automations**: 2
- **One-Time Travel Reminders**: 18

---

*Last updated: November 22, 2025*

Commit message:

Add Credit Card Bills Consolidation automation and update serial numbers

README.md, after:

# Poke Automations Tracker

A centralized repository to track and manage all Poke automations.

## Automation Inventory

| Serial Number | Automation Name | Description | Status | Time Schedule | Trigger ID | Type |
|:-------------:|:----------------|:------------|:------:|:--------------|:-----------|:-----|
| 1 | Travel Prep Automation | Scans for travel bookings and creates reminders | Active | Every Friday 9 AM IST | caf7d709-8278-40a3-aed1-cf01c3fc940a | trigger based automation |
| 2 | Weather Automation | Check weather forecast for Sarjapur, send notification if rain chance > 60% | Active | Every day 8 AM IST | 7da1037d-ebda-481b-b25e-b8b88ddea5ef | time based recurring |
| 3 | Credit Card Bills Consolidation | Scans both email accounts daily for credit card statements, collects them throughout month, and creates ONE reminder on the 25th of each month with all bills consolidated | Active | Monthly on the 25th at 9:00 AM IST | f6274ffc-2b51-436e-b7c8-ae3a8b3a8568 | trigger based automation |
| 4 | Kolkata Trip - Packing Reminder | Finalize packing and check-in for flight to Kolkata | Active | Nov 26, 2025 8:15 PM IST | 261eff93-e4e9-4c25-bd8d-840882e610ba | one-time |
| 5 | Kolkata Trip - Cab Booking | Book cab to Kolkata for flight departure | Active | Nov 27, 2025 4:15 PM IST | 0815549d-051d-42ca-aa63-cc3fda90e06a | one-time |
| 6 | Bengaluru Return - Packing Reminder | Finalize packing and check-in for flight to Bengaluru | Active | Nov 27, 2025 4:25 PM IST | d2f72b80-5cd8-4eee-b53b-878fb74230bf | one-time |
| 7 | Bengaluru Return - Cab Booking | Book cab to Bengaluru for flight departure | Active | Nov 28, 2025 12:25 PM IST | f2b768f2-5141-49bd-8076-0ed6ab64b799 | one-time |
| 8 | Kolkata Return - Packing Reminder | Finalize packing and check-in for return flight | Active | Nov 30, 2025 8:15 PM IST | 6411727e-928d-4e10-b56b-97811adf0f69 | one-time |
| 9 | Kolkata Return - Cab Booking | Book cab to Bengaluru for flight departure | Active | Dec 1, 2025 4:15 PM IST | d00c4a89-3bbe-4510-8110-8bad9488f5b6 | one-time |
| 10 | Gwalior Trip - Packing Reminder | Finalize packing and check-in for flight to Bengaluru | Active | Dec 4, 2025 3:50 PM IST | 8b197488-678b-4060-b7e1-89149c28271a | one-time |
| 11 | Gwalior Trip - Cab Booking | Book cab to Bengaluru for flight departure | Active | Dec 5, 2025 11:50 AM IST | 800a8745-63b9-41a8-b711-e5882f6703c5 | one-time |
| 12 | Train Journey - Packing Reminder | Finalize packing and check-in for train to Bengaluru | Active | Dec 6, 2025 1:00 AM IST | 239f245e-2649-4ed2-9ead-82ef42ec63c0 | one-time |
| 13 | Train Journey - Cab Booking | Book cab to Bengaluru for train departure | Active | Dec 6, 2025 9:00 PM IST | 6bfcd513-0ef6-4197-b1a3-c8f86bd4c309 | one-time |
| 14 | Varkala Trip - Packing Reminder | Finalize packing and check-in for train to Varkala | Active | Dec 8, 2025 8:10 PM IST | 14d5bf46-5c97-481e-b4c5-a72874db321a | one-time |
| 15 | Varkala Trip - Cab Booking | Book cab to Varkala for train departure | Active | Dec 9, 2025 4:10 PM IST | ff2e4885-c3ef-4f1d-a204-97c1b701f86d | one-time |
| 16 | Kanyakumari Trip - Packing Reminder | Finalize packing and check-in for train to Kanyakumari | Active | Dec 11, 2025 7:41 AM IST | e9fb20e7-41bf-46ef-baff-3388f6ce1227 | one-time |
| 17 | Kanyakumari Trip - Cab Booking | Book cab to Kanyakumari for train departure | Active | Dec 12, 2025 3:41 AM IST | 90a340f8-f2cb-471d-a592-b765f7c2f1a2 | one-time |
| 18 | Nagercoil Return - Packing Reminder | Finalize packing and check-in for train to Bengaluru | Active | Dec 11, 2025 7:15 PM IST | fc95822c-f759-47a0-9cd3-df0641d6a7b5 | one-time |
| 19 | Nagercoil Return - Cab Booking | Book cab to Bengaluru for train departure | Active | Dec 12, 2025 3:15 PM IST | 7b45d948-3d3e-4b6a-80ed-03e15c12e74b | one-time |
| 20 | Gwalior Final - Packing Reminder | Finalize packing and check-in for flight to Gwalior | Active | Dec 14, 2025 1:15 PM IST | 709e9b54-9209-4076-80df-4aec5a10d06f | one-time |
| 21 | Gwalior Final - Cab Booking | Book cab to Gwalior for flight departure | Active | Dec 15, 2025 9:15 AM IST | 6b6200d9-1d73-4621-824d-1c37ac7a63db | one-time |

---

## Legend

**Status Values:**
- **Active**: Automation is currently running
- **Inactive**: Automation is paused or disabled
- **Testing**: Automation is in testing phase

**Type Values:**
- **one-time**: Runs once and completes
- **trigger based automation**: Runs when specific conditions/events occur
- **time based recurring**: Runs on a scheduled time basis

---

## Summary

- **Total Automations**: 21
- **Recurring Automations**: 3
- **One-Time Travel Reminders**: 18

---

*Last updated: November 24, 2025*
